Your cloud centric network service provider reports a breach. Their investigation yields proof that for some time your SD-WAN was extended to a number of “branches” that aren’t yours allowing trusted access to on-prem apps, SaaS & IaaS. They have no flow logs.
Your identity and access management provider were breached by a ransomware crew roughly 3 months ago and have potentially had authenticated access to any number of Critical business and IT services for that time.  They can also provision and modify accounts.
Service desk alert you to the fact that they’ve received a number of calls from employees who need their password & MFA resetting. These include employees who have recently left the company… They can’t say for sure that they haven’t actioned all these requests
You attend an all-hands manager Teams call on a Friday morning. As  people make small talk before the call starts the facilities manager enquires how last weeks on-site penetration test went.  You explain that you hadn’t scheduled or approved any testing
Your marketing team have inadvertently let a number of Top-level domains (TLDs) lapse for your primary brand and identity.   These include TLDs for countries where you have a significant presence. These have now been registered by parties unknown.
Your network team check in after reports of an unscheduled ISP engineer visit to one of your offices.  After investigating you discover a small form VPN router has been installed and connected to your edge switching.
Your company Twitter account is used to make a number a provocative  tweets. The social team are quick to highlight that several employees and developers have access. The tweets continue…
Your managed backup provider has announced a breach.
Protesters manage to breach the physical security of your office.  After being forcibly removed by law enforcement  you’re given the all clear to return. Numerous devices are missing and workspaces disturbed.
A team of developers working on a major project have spun up their own secrets management solution which has become integral to production. Due to a mishap it is completely destroyed & the team can’t recover it. New builds & live services have started to fail.
Your marketing team inadvertently share all contact and lead email addresses in an event invitation (CC not BCC). It comes to light that all your major competitors & other externals have made it onto the list including a number of recent leavers…
Whilst making an acquisition of another company and integrating their IT systems you find their entire C-suite and senior management have global admin to their M365 tenant. Many also have email forwarding rules and MFA bypassed.
A critical supplier with persistent VPN to your production environment reports a breach at 5:08pm on the Thursday before the long bank holiday weekend.  Most of your security team is on leave and/or consuming chocolate…
A threat actor has managed to breach your company Slack.  You find that your developers have been storing multiple secrets and AWS keys in Slack channels.
Your company is subject to a public and controversial takeover. There is widespread discontent across the entire company and growing calls for action, activism and opposition on social media. Several members of the security team object strongly to the sale.
A shipment of company branded pen drives handed out at a recent conference contained sophisticated maldocs amidst your promotional materials.  Several clients have now reported detections
The office block hosting  your primary data centre has been deemed unsafe and you’ve been ordered to evacuate with no notice.
An attacker is abusing phishing testing headers to deliver a sophisticated M365 credential harvesting phish with an MFA capture page and it’s working.
During a merger you identify that a number of senior business executives at the new company enjoy an exception to the security policy and lack MFA for services like email. A ‘dark web’ search identifies numerous credential sets that are years old and that work. 
A malicious group claims that your organisation has suffered a breach & goes to great effort to draw attention to this in the run up to a conference at which you’ll have a significant presence. The claims are amplified over social media despite being untrue
The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S. Department of Justice seize a number of company domain names belonging to a recent acquisition. You learn about this via social media.
Monitoring alerts flood in over the weekend detailing several service outages including logging infrastructure & log sources. After being unable to raise on-call you realise that a scheduling mishap has given all engineers the weekend off & they’re unreachable
Your CISO reports numerous networking messages over LinkedIn from companies attending an industry event where they are being advertised as a speaker.  Your CISO has never spoken with the organisers and knows nothing about the speaking engagement.
A malicious group claims that your organisation has suffered a breach & goes to great effort to draw attention to this in the run up to a conference at which you’ll have a significant presence. The claims are amplified over social media despite being untrue.
Due to a problem with the new starter process, every new employee to join your organisation in the last 6 weeks has been added to a nested distribution group within the security department and has received every email intended for your SOC, including reports
You discover that WhatsApp use has skyrocketed and that hundreds of employees are using it routinely in support of their roles.  You also learn that nobody has ejected leavers and former employees so you’ve lost privilege over information shared in these chats
You receive a letter from a law firm representing a production company.  They are seeking damages and allege that a large number of pirated productions stolen in a recent breach have been downloaded from IPs belonging to your organisation.
A legacy web forum hosted by your company which you thought long decommissioned is still online and is being used to share illicit material
Every Apple Mac device your organisation has purchased in the last year hasn’t been enrolled in Apple DEP and instead shipped to the employees homes from retail
You’re made aware that your org’s approach to data anonymisation has broken down and every test, dev and pre-prod environment has had live customer data in it for the past 6 months. Numerous 3rd parties have access to these environments.
A team of developers working on a major project have spun up their own secrets management solution which has become integral to production. Due to a mishap it is completely destroyed & the team can’t recover it. New builds & live services have started to fail.
Your marketing team inadvertently share all contact and lead email addresses in an event invitation (CC not BCC). It comes to light that all your major competitors & other externals have made it onto the list including a number of recent leavers…
A junior engineer un-set the “safe checks only” option on your vulnerability scanner prior to a production scan resulting in every IPMI/iLO/iDRAC bricking. Guest/Hosts are still running but you’ll need to migrate every machine/workload to reimage each server
Your “break glass” static admin credentials for a bunch of SaaS services turn up on the web in a credential dump. Several of these services lack MFA
Someone at your org inadvertently makes all your GitLab projects publicly accessible.  Many contain hard coded secrets, essential context around critical business processes and intellectual property
An employee confesses to compiling an OSINT data store on company systems after running searches against other employees. They’ve inadvertently revealed associations with unions & other companies, special interest & political groups, forums & family members
The company that supports your outsourced development has suffered a breach and been slow on the investigation and response. The threat actor had access to all your source code, your build pipeline and slack/teams for 3-4 weeks before being ejected (maybe)
A number of your executives have registered @GoogleWorkspace accounts with their M365 email addresses and fallen for a phish which has ultimately handed control of the accounts to a threat actor
Your network team alert you to a suspected compromise of their Session Border Controllers (SBCs) which have been exposed directly to the internet without suitable hardening. They provide routes networking directly to internal collaboration services
Your CISO has been sent to jail and your insurer will no longer renew your cyber insurance policy
Your building access management system has been compromised.  Multiple threat actors have had the ability to change employee details, enrol new users and create new access cards for some time
Your building access management system has failed and now every door access control system has failed open. This includes main entrances to offices, secure areas within buildings like comms rooms and the doors in your colo data centres
A SOAR misconfiguration deletes all your custom signatures and IP/URL blocklists for email, web filtering and network access controls
A number of customers receive a well crafted phish days after attending an event hosted by your org. It’s not immediately clear if the event and the attacks are related.  Customers have started to raise concerns with your security team and on social media
A malware crew manage to encrypt ALL your virtual machines at the storage level after getting to vCenter from a compromised 3rd party with RDP access. ALL your VMs are now down…
Your MDR provider has host-isolated all the servers that underpin your core business app.  It appears an open source package they depend on was compromised upstream before a recent update. All your core business app servers need rebuilding including DR/BCP hosts
Due to cutbacks your IT department no longer employ a 3rd party to securely shred assets & instead list them on eBay. You learn that devices aren’t being securely wiped due to higher than usual levels of surplus following staff layoffs & several office closures
An increasing number of customers report being unable to authenticate to your app following after a recent set of post-acquisition layoffs. It appears some aspects of you application’s architecture aren’t understood by the remaining staff
An anonymous informant provides proof that a senior engineer in your security team is involved with a hacker-for-hire threat actor group
Your managed CI/CD provider have announced a breach, invalidated all API tokens and advised all customers to rotate all project secrets and check logs for unauthorised access starting 14 days prior
Someone in your talent management team has inadvertently introduced automation which has posted every message posted to their working MS Teams channel to Twitter
You’re contacted by the press after researchers were able to purchase a door entry system from an auction site which you’re told contains an employee database which includes biometrics and ID card data
